well howdy there internet people is
bogan so tonight we're gonna talk about
talking about cops you know in that last
video there were a whole lot of comments
in the comment section and they weren't
all nice about cops and that's fine
that's fine their slogans okay for those
that don't know ACAB that's all cops are
people who parents weren't married and
that can also be signified as one three
one two but it's a slogan now the
philosophy behind that slogan is that
all cops are bad because either a they
of their own free will chose a
profession in which they agree to
enforce unjust laws
therefore all cops are bad because they
will enforce unjust laws alright the
other reasoning behind it is that if
yeah maybe there are some good cops out
there but if they don't say anything
about the bad cops they're complicit
therefore they're bad we don't have many
coming forward we know there's a bunch
of bad cops therefore they're all bad
philosophically ideologically it's very
hard to make an argument against those
two trains of thought I mean they're
they're pretty solid but just because
they're solid doesn't mean they're the
arguments you should be using now I'm
not saying don't use slogans slogans
serve purpose they energize the base
they do those people who are already in
tune with that idea when they see that
they know they see an ally you know so
it makes sense to throw them up every
once in a while however
those slogans worth but work both ways
Magga
now if you're racist or somebody who
doesn't realize that almost everybody
around you is a racist you're like yeah
build the wall build the wall all right
if you're not what was your reaction
yeah that slogan energizes the base but
what was your reaction if you're not
part of that automatically on the
defensive automatically I don't have to
listen to anything this idiot says right
and maybe that's a sound theory but that
works with all slogans so when somebody
sees that they automatically discount
everything you say now I know a lot of
you are not actually reaching out cops
because on an ideological level they're
all bad
but there are the way there's the way
things should be and the way they are
and the way they are cops are around so
maybe we should focus on harm reduction
at least a little bit and when you're
doing that those slogans don't come in
handy at all they really don't they
present many problems because they turn
the the listener off they're not gonna
listen to you most people need to live
off self-interest to really get
interested in something so to really
kind of start to question anything they
hold dear they need some kind of
self-interest so give it to him give it
to
the drug war is without a doubt the the
focal point of our problems with law
enforcement in this country the drug war
has led to police militarization it has
led to a lot of things they go very very
badly
that that has changed cops from peace
officers into what a majority of people
see in the United States as the enemy
right now somebody's like the majority
don't see that we'll get to the stats in
a minute
but let's just start off with so the
drug war most cops killed in the line of
duty are killed because of the drug war
that's fact
objective fact so officer how do you
feel the fact that your friends are
dying so some politician can make money
in his private prison
all of a sudden there's that
self-interest they may feel they're
being duped now the fact is the drug war
is an utter failure
an utter failure on every level in the
last month nine point four percent of
the population of the US has used
illegal drugs so one out of ten people
right off the bat see you as the enemy
see a cop as the enemy because you are
you are 40 percent of high school
seniors have used drugs it's half the
population almost 52% of Americans have
the majority of Americans see you as the
enemy because well you're out to arrest
them and most of these people aren't
doing anything wrong they're not hurting
anybody so you've got death you've got
assault you have all this risk in your
job because of this drug war but you
have to do it right you're protecting
people well what happens in countries
that decriminalize liberalize completely
Portugal is a perfect example because
they decriminalized everything not just
pop everything heroin whatever
I think it's anything under a 10 day
supply what happened in that country
that that started in 2001 prevalence of
drug use it's down continuing drug use
down death from drug use down HIV
infection among intravenous drug users
down literally everything everything is
down so not just our officers dying for
for some politician to make money in his
private prison or his urinalysis testing
company they're dying over something
that's in vain not waging the drug war
is more effective than waging it if you
actually believe in harm reduction it's
crazy it's crazy now the other thing you
talk about is the image because cops in
general love their image they love it
because they're mostly in an echo
chamber most cops hang out with other
cops why because half the population
views them as the enemy so they hang out
with other other cops and they see
themselves as the thin blue line the
protectors and that's what people you
know that's what they believe other
people see they don't realize that a
majority of the population sees their
drug raids is very Gestapo esque they
don't realize that at some point the
drug war will end and as cool as they
think they look right now they're gonna
look like those idiots busting up
barrels of whiskey that image may be
more important than anything and then
maybe another one is something that
strikes to the heart of cop culture most
of them see themselves as true patriots
true patriots and you see it all the
time when you see that thin blue line
sticker next to the three-percent logo
well i won't enforce it unjust drug gun
law rally
really you want cops get guns when the
time comes how many guns have you taken
off people is there is there a gun law
out of the hundreds on the books that
you won't enforce looks like you so with
your principles for that paycheck and
because you're caught in that echo
chamber that's how it happens it's how
people end up just following orders the
drug war and gun control are probably
the two best ways to reach out to cops
and explain that what they are now isn't
what they think they are isn't what they
they pride themselves on being I'm you
know I I'm lucky I live out in an area
where most cops around here still go by
the spirit of the law not the letter of
it so I don't deal with a lot of a lot
of this stuff in my everyday life cops
around here cops in this area in general
know when the kind of well that's the
Carter boys you know and just kind of
let it go but there's no harm there's no
crime but there's no victim there's no
crime and we still get that down here
there's a lot of places that that
doesn't exist so if you're trying to
reach out maybe
the FTP and ACAB not the way to go if
you're just looking to energize the base
more power to you anyway it's just a
thought y'all y'all have a good night